["I'll Touch A Star" playing]
Hello, my name is Ivana.
Hello, my name is Laura.
Laura.
Hello, my name is Kathy.
[sighs]
Kathy. Kathy?
Kathy. Kathy. No.
Hello, my name is X1-2345SSY.
Hello, my name is Faye Valentine, which,
if you're asking, isn't my real name.
It's the fake one you gave me.
Sorry, do I know you?
No, but I know you, Mark.
Friendless, pasty, opera-loving… virgin?
[chuckles uncomfortably]
I'm not a…
I'm sorry, what exactly is this about?
You prematurely
waking up cryo-frozen amnesiacs
and then stealing their settlement money.
Uh, look, I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Oh, yeah? Bam!
That's your signature, Mark Manley.
You gave the go-ahead to defrost my ass.
Look, I'm sorry, uh, Miss Valentine.
If you've been suffering from amnesia,
but it's a known side-effect
of long-term cryo sleep.
You targeted me.
Knew I'd wake up all scared and confused.
"Who am I? What happened?"
How do you sleep at night?
Look, you need to talk
to one of our attorneys.
-I'm sure that they can help.
-Yeah?
-[Marley] Ooh.
-[Faye] Meet my lawyer.
[gasps]
-Okay, what do you want from me?
-You?
Very little. I know
you're just the inside man.
I want the bitch who took my Identikit.
What? They never gave you your kit?
No, asshole.
They gave her all my belongings
before they woke me up.
So you're going
to call Whitney Haggis Matsumoto,
the bitch you let con me
into thinking she was my mother…
[whimpers]
You're gonna tell her
you've found another amnesiac to scam,
and that you want to meet with her.
[hesitating] I…
Do it, or so help me God,
I'm going to shoot your dick off.
Because a girl
with no memory's got nothing to lose.
-Yep.
-Yep, let's move it.
Hey, it's Manley.
Yeah, I got a really big fish here,
ready to defrost. Um, you hungry?
-[man 1] Get down! Shut the fuck up!
-[people screaming]
[woman 1] Everyone on the ground now!
-You too, sweetheart!
-Okay, take it easy.
[woman 1] She's over there.
[whimpers]
Oh, my God, Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, what are we going to do?
[hesitating] What's going on?
What are we doing?
Shut the fuck up and keep your head down.
I don't want to die.
-I said no talking, Bow-Tie!
-[Faye] No!
No, no, no! Gimme the phone! No!
-[Faye grunts]
-[woman 1] Stay down!
That goes for the rest of you too!
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
We are the Callisto Liberation Front.
Eco soldiers and space warriors.
Fighting to return the colonies
back to Mother Nature.
Miss Cadena. CEO of Kao Construction.
While you enjoy a night at the opera,
your company is preparing to destroy
thousands of acres of forest on Callisto.
Life! And you intend
to replace it all with steel and concrete.
To build your cities,
and fill them with people.
That's the whole point of terraforming.
Silence! Your company
is a plague upon nature.
Directly responsible for the recent
and ruthless extinction
of the Ganymede Sea Rat.
Ugh, environmentalists are the worst.
Your reckoning has arrived.
Wha… What?
-You were supposed to have it.
-[woman 1] I did--
-Shut your lips!
-[man 1] You're such a Howard.
-[woman 1] You're a Howard.
-What?
-Christ on a bike!
-[man 2] I got it. I got it.
[people gasping, whimpering]
Inside this pod are the same spores
used to terraform Callisto.
Now you will see, Miss Cadena,
the fate that awaits you all
if my demands are not met.
Stop construction on Callisto
or we return Marvis
and Salt City back to nature.
Let's have
a little demonstration, shall we?
Pollinate him.
[grunts]
[lilting music playing]
-[man 2] Oh, boy.
-[woman 2] Where is it?
Where is it? Find it!
-[man 1] Where did it go?
-Find it!
[woman 1] There!
[inhales deeply]
[crowd gasping]
[screaming]
What?
-[woman 2] No, no!
-[all groaning]
No! [grunts in frustration]
You morons.
We needed her!
[people continue screaming]
Holy shit.
[woman 1] We've got to go!
-[men clamoring]
-[woman 1] Go, go, go!
[Faye] No.
-[grunts]
-[man 2] Come on, this way!
No, no, no! That's my ship!
That's my ship!
You shit stains!
No, no, no!
Oh, balls!
[opening theme music playing]
[peppy music playing]
You figure out what you want?
[Spike] Um…
[Jet groans tiredly]
[Jet] Hmm.
I can't eat this shit.
Jeez.
You're picky for someone
who hates eating peppers all the time.
-Miss.
-[waitress] Hmm?
The popcorn shrimp.
Is it shrimp-shrimp or fake shrimp?
It's an algae-soy hybrid.
Okay. We'll just get the potato skins.
And you still have that 2-for-1 deal?
-With a coupon.
-Okay. Two rib-eye dinners.
Coupon doesn't apply to real meat.
You sure it's real
and not an algae-soy hybrid?
[waitress] That's what it says
on the package.
But it's not like I met
the cows before they brained them,
drained them and chopped them up,
so what do I know?
Then just make it
the Io Tuna-Rib dinner for two.
[waitress] Mmm-hmm.
-That comes with free cheesy bread, right?
-All you can eat, hon.
Okay.
Look at you, big spender.
Recklessly throwing
petty cash caution to the wind.
We'll make it up.
Look, we deserve it.
We haven't had a fancy meal in weeks.
[laughs] Fancy?
Ah, look at you. Actually smiling.
Yeah, probably at the prospect
of unlimited fake cheesy bread.
Yeah, well, whatever it is, I'll take it.
Your brooding the last couple of weeks
has been getting on my nerves.
Ah. I love this place.
You know they have bidets in the bathroom?
[Spike] Mmm.
Damned things are addictive.
-Tell me you're talking about the bread.
-Bidets. Quite therapeutic.
You know, that gentle warm water
really eases the stress
while washing out the nooks and crannies.
Stop. I'm begging you.
Next big score,
I'm getting one for the ship.
Maybe two. One for each foot.
Foot?
Jet, a bidet is a toilet
that cleans out your asshole.
What?
[objects clattering]
You guys are so lucky…
-Oh.
-… that I ran into you.
-Oh, no.
-Do you mind?
-Ugh. What is that?
-Water.
Ugh. Oh, beer, thank God.
-Please, help yourself.
-[Faye] Mmm.
Okay.
[exhales]
So the craziest thing just happened.
I was at the opera house
when three eco-dicks in gas masks
stormed in and released this gas
that starts turning people into trees.
No shit! Trees! It was nutbags.
I'll tell you what else is nutbags.
[Faye] Right. Now.
Soon as this hits the news,
every cowboy in the solar system
is going to be after these assholes.
But I got the jump on them.
On account that they took my ship.
Which they stole.
And which I can totally track.
I just need a ride.
It's a real boom-bang-bang.
It's a milk run. It's a cakewalk.
It's a few hours, make some easy Woo. So…
[inhales]
What do you say, fellas,
you want to team up?
-She's high, right?
-You see the bags under her eyes.
-Right.
-Venus Stardust would be my guess.
I'm not high, dickwads!
I'm telling the truth.
Only Cosmic Crank
makes you sweat like that.
True.
[female newscaster] This just in.
Eco-terrorists have
unleashed a chemical weapon
inside the Salt City Opera House.
According to eyewitness reports,
the toxic gas turned people into…
Trees?
Are you serious with this?
Oh, shit, that's nutbags.
I was thinking a 60-40 split.
Going my way, of course.
What is the one thing I specifically told
the three of you not to do
no matter what?
-[together] Kill the CEO.
-Kill the CEO.
So, because she's dead,
hence no messenger for our message…
I had to phone in our demands
to the Kao Construction
headquarters main line.
They put me on hold!
It was mortifying.
-Sorry, Mother.
-Sorry, Ma.
All because you bungled the situation.
Look at me.
Don't you want to make your mother happy?
I do. I d-- [gasps]
Then what have I been
telling you all these years?
You have to be like me.
You have to be smart.
You need to be ruthless.
-You need to be willing to--
-[cell phone ringing]
Sorry.
Mom, it's not mine.
Whose is it then?
She took it off the hostage.
You took a hostage?
He's on the ship.
Why would you take a hostage?
[both] Well, Harrison told us to.
No, they're lying. I…
[sighs]
-[Harrison] I'm sorry, Mother.
-Well…
While you three
were playing Keystone Criminals,
I found the missiles
we need to complete our plan.
-Awesome.
-That's great.
Grab anything of value,
we are wheels up in ten minutes.
Hey, where are we
going to get the missiles?
-Your father.
-Oh, boy.
What should I do with the hostage?
[Maria] Just ask yourself,
"What would Mother do?"
[sighs]
[Jet] Maria Murdock.
Trespassing, resisting arrest,
defacing private property.
Run-of-the-mill eco-fasch shit.
[Spike] Graduated to full-on mass murder
with a 25 million price tag.
Kao Construction
has 12 hours, well, make that 11,
before she pulls the plug on Callisto.
Ah, shit.
-Ah, shit.
-[Jet] Got a first-aid kit.
I could clean that up for you.
-It's fine.
-Looks pretty bad.
-It's a graze.
-She remind you of somebody?
-The Cosmonaut.
-Thank you.
[laughs]
Tonking on Bobo.
Hell of a night, huh?
-Technically, morning.
-[both laugh]
-What?
-[Spike] Nothing.
-[Jet sighs]
-[Spike] Nothing. [chuckles]
How about you take us to the Murdocks?
Yeah, I'm tracking them now, Skinny.
Okay, so we can intercept them
at Mars, and then…
What the shit is that?
[Spike] That's a dog. You never seen one?
[laughs in delight]
Sure, in zoos.
Next to the dragon sanctuary
and unicorn exhibit.
I hear these things
are, like, 20-30 million a pop.
He's not for sale.
I hear they're pretty tasty too.
[Jet] He's not for eating.
Jet, can I speak to you
in the cockpit for a minute?
You stay there.
You're an ugly little fella, aren't you?
[panting]
Kind of weird
she's never seen a dog before, right?
Yeah, right?
No, listen.
You really want to work with that nut-job?
Relax, she'll get us Murdock.
Right, like she got us Asimov.
Wait, no, she got Asimov shot
in the neck and almost got me killed.
She screwed us then
and she's going to screw us now.
I don't think we can trust her.
I'm giving her
the benefit of the doubt, Spike.
Why? Why? Give me one good reason.
How about 25 million of 'em?
Look, we'll get the coordinates from her,
punch them in and then--
No need.
We have the coordinates right here.
We get the Murdocks on our own.
[rumbling]
Now who's doing the screwing?
-Don't. Don't.
-[thudding]
What is that?
That's my ship.
Maybe it serves you right.
My dog!
[mouthing] Fuck you, fuckers.
You read lips, what did she say?
Serves you right.
[Faye grunts]
How do I turn off the tracker?
Uh-huh.
You smarty little fuzzy pants.
Maybe I won't eat you.
Maybe I'll sell you
for a buttload of Woos, huh?
Ugh, your breath smells like a buttload.
[piano playing]
[door opens]
[door closes]
Thank you for the chocolates.
[Vicious] Tui's going to take you
off-planet for a few days.
What? Why?
The Elders.
What they made me do to you.
In my own house.
That will never happen again.
I am making certain of it.
[Julia] What's going on?
I have gathered my lieutenants.
They're bringing men.
And firepower.
I am going to burn
the Elders' temple to the ground.
Once they're dead…
you won't have to be afraid.
If you declare war and it doesn't work,
there's no place for us to hide.
[Vicious] Leave us.
[door opens]
What would you suggest?
[door closes]
Come at them from the side, perhaps,
instead of the front.
A coup rather than a war.
You could get the other Capos to join you.
Take on the Elders as a united front.
The Eunuch is weak,
he'd never turn on them.
Oh, but, Mao…
she is power-hungry.
[grave music playing]
That she is.
And you always say…
The Eunuch falls in line with her.
Like a fawning bitch.
[gasps]
It's a tricky proposition.
Mao is no fool.
It's just a suggestion.
But if anyone can outwit Mao…
it's you.
-[amusing instrumental music playing]
-[Ein barking]
[Faye] Oh, that's rude. Manley?
Please, please, please be in there.
[Ein barking]
[in sing-song voice] Manley,
I need that phone of yours.
Bad dog! Shh!
[laughs]
Karma is a bitch!
Now, if you don't mind,
I'll be relieving you of your phone
and any, ugh, loose change you might have…
Okay.
All right.
Whitney, I'm coming for you.
-[squelching]
-Ugh.
What is that?
Ugh.
Rats.
Rats is right.
Spike, we talked about this.
That was before I saw her lying,
cheating, stealing face again.
-[Faye sighs]
-Do not shoot her.
-Please.
-No!
I disabled the ship's tracker.
How did you even find me?
You disabled a tracker,
not all the trackers.
Spike's real protective of his ship.
Please, I just want to
kill her a little bit.
God damn it, Spike.
How many times have I got to tell you?
Stow it.
-You're done.
-[Faye grunts]
Feels tight.
Dead ringer for the Cosmonaut
just then. Am I right?
-[Jet laughing] In the eyebrows?
-[Spike] In the eyebrows.
[laughing] Yes! It's the eyebrows.
[Faye laughs mockingly]
Yeah, okay, dickholes. So what?
Are you going to turn me in to ISSP?
No.
-Are you going to airlock me?
-Ooh, I second that motion.
Why would I fix your shoulder
just to throw you out the airlock, huh?
I don't know.
Because maybe you two are a bunch
of bored, sadistic sons of bitches.
Wow.
She's not wrong.
I've been pretty bored lately.
So, if you're not going to airlock me,
what kind of sick, perverted shit
are you two planning to do?
Eat.
It's not poisoned.
[Spike] Whoa, whoa!
She lies to us, she steals my ship,
and now you're feeding her?
You're feeding the Cosmonaut?
We need her. The Murdocks
are a crew of four well-armed criminals.
We have a better shot
of bringing them in if we work together.
Hold on--
Before you give me the spit-and-whistle
that I'm not thinking straight, just take
a deep breath and admit to yourself.
You know I'm right.
Fine, but that 60-40 split
is now in our favor.
Only if you tell me who the Cosmonaut is.
Seventy-thirty.
Fine.
Jesus.
So how do we find the Murdocks?
[sighs]
I don't know. I wish I did.
You were there
when they attacked the opera house.
-You got into fisticuffs with them.
-So?
So, you got close enough
to hear or see something.
Name? Location?
How they plan to deliver
their atmo-pods of death?
You've got to give us something.
[rock music playing]
Now feel those notes nibbling your neck.
That's it, kitten.
Now feel the key to F,
just stroke up your thighs…
Deeper. Deeper.
-Deeper.
-Any deeper and you'll break her in half.
Still trying to protect
the talent from my perfection.
I wouldn't dream of it.
[Gren speaks indistinctly]
Couldn't stop you, even if I tried.
No, you couldn't, you scoundrel.
She's waiting on you.
Be nice. She's not a marionette.
[Ana] Well, look who's becoming a regular.
Drink?
No, thank you.
A favor.
Try me.
Would you consider
reaching out to Mao Yenrai
to arrange a sit-down
with her and Vicious?
Now, I know you don't get involved
in Syndicate business, ever.
-But--
-You're right.
I don't.
Ever.
What are you getting yourself into?
It's the only way for me to be safe.
And how will this meeting
with Mao help you do that?
It's better for you if you don't know.
[lively music playing]
[Faye] So we're going to go talk
to a guy named Howard
just because I overheard
one of the Murdocks
call the other one out
for being "such a Howard"?
It seems like kind of a reach,
don't you think?
I mean, if one calls
the other a douchebag,
are we gonna go storm
the feminine hygiene aisle of a pharmacy?
It's called following a lead.
Public records list Howard Culpepper
as Maria Murdock's ex-husband.
He also happens
to work for Kao Construction.
We find Howard, maybe we get
a mainline on Maria's location.
I need my gun.
-No way.
-Absolutely not.
How am I supposed to defend myself?
They're terra farmers. What are they
gonna do, plough you to death?
[Jet] Found Howard.
Poor bastard slept with the wrong skirt.
[alarm blaring]
-Now can I have my gun?
-[both] No!
Just relax, it's only four of them.
Like you said, boom-bang-bang.
Emphasis on "boom."
[Maria] Hurry up, get the pods loaded!
I'll prep our ship.
We've got to shut those missiles down.
-Yeah. Wait, what? I…
-Yeah.
I thought we were going
after the cash money?
Forget about Maria, Spike.
If those rockets go airborne,
six million people are going
to be turned into weeping willows.
[exhales] That is not going to be
a pretty sight, believe you me.
No.
Fine.
We'll do the right thing.
We'll nab the bounty.
We'll stop the missiles.
Bounty's mine.
[Spike] Why does she
get to have all the fun?
[both grunting]
She's almost loaded! You ready?
[beeping]
Initiating launch sequence.
[beeps]
Let's stay low.
[both continue grunting]
[groans]
Shit!
Shit.
[alarm continues blaring]
Mommy?
Mom.
Where are you going?
[beeping]
She'd better bring her back.
She will. Come on.
[thrilling instrumental music playing]
[cell phone ringing]
[Whitney over phone] Hello? Mark?
[in deep voice] Uh, hey.
Ugh. I can barely hear you.
[mimicking static]
All right, I can hear you.
So, your offer. I'm in.
Yeah, that's cool. Where are you?
I'm at Praga, in Alba City.
Uh, Praga?
Yeah. Hands down
the best borscht in the solar system.
[mimics static]
Cool, great, I'll see you there.
Lovely. When you get here, we need to…
[alarm blaring]
[laughs]
Think the bounty on these clowns
will get me those bidets?
-God, I hope not.
-[automated voice] Warning!
-[Jet] Shit! Shit.
-Five, four, three, two…
[beeping]
Useless idiots!
Get out of the way, girl.
Mama's got one more rabbit in her hat.
[thrilling instrumental music playing]
[Whitney] I'm glad we're going
to have a proper sit-down.
We really do need to discuss
the financials of our arrangement.
Your finder's fee is a bit excessive.
Wouldn't you agree, Mark?
Given that I do assume most of the risk.
Just a minute. Mal'chik.
[in Russian] Can you bring us
another round of martinis?
Tsar's select, no vermouth,
shaken and up with three olives.
[in English] Where were we? Oh.
-Yes, shrinking your fee.
-Balls!
Wait, who is this?
[in deep voice] It's Manley.
Bullshit! Who is this?
[in normal voice] Bitch, you know
who this is! This is your worst nightmare!
Faye? Is that you?
Darling heart, I've missed you.
Kudos for finding me,
but mama's got to chew and screw. Bye-bye.
Shit, fuck, shit!
[rumbling]
This day is the worst.
[panting]
What the hell is she doing?
Pretty sure she's saving our asses.
[alarm beeping]
[automated voice] Warning.
Warning. Warning.
Warning. Warning. Warning.
[music fades]
[alarm blaring]
[Faye gasping] Oh, God!
[somber music playing]
Shit, shit, shit, shit. Shit, shit!
[device beeps]
This is for the lucky pervert
who finds my body.
My cryo-ID number is X1-2345SSY.
Oh, fuck it.
I'm Faye Valentine.
My name is Faye Valentine.
[echoing] Faye Valentine. Faye Valentine.
[Maria grunts in frustration]
No!
[Harrison] Mom?
What do we do now?
We wither.
[sighs in defeat]
When I was a child,
I would climb the tallest tree
I could find and stay up there forever.
It was my idea of heaven.
And now they're going
to send me to prison.
Send both of us.
Together for the rest of our lives
in a 12-foot cell.
I'm sorry,
but there is no way I'm gonna be trapped
in a tiny box with you.
Harrison, what are you doing?
[chuckles]
Making Mother happy.
-No!
-Being ruthless.
No!
[hissing]
[screams] No!
[slurping]
-[Ein whines]
-[grunts in disgust]
Ugh. Shit-licker, off, get off me.
[Ein whimpers]
-Ah, shit.
-Finally.
I was starting to think
you might not wake up.
We followed the smoke trail.
Yeah. You're lucky to be alive.
My ship?
Oh, that's toast.
Hope there wasn't anything valuable on it.
No, nothing. [scoffs]
Just my entire life.
You know what's cool
about losing your life?
You get to build a new one.
[sighs]
-Thanks for finding me.
-Oh, don't thank me.
I bet you were a goner.
But Jet said looking for you
was the least we could do. So…
[sniffs]
Is this your way of saying thank you?
When I want to say thank you,
I'll say thank you.
-[scoffs] Such a dick.
-[Spike] Listen, um…
Jet says you can stay here on the Bebop.
Temporarily. Till you
get your shit together.
We're going for drinks when he gets back.
New guy buys the first round.
-Hey, Spike.
-Yep.
Okay, just for real,
who is the Cosmonaut?
Welcome to the Bebop.
[Spike chuckles]
[sighs in exasperation]
[upbeat music playing]